# Minutes-2024-11-11

| Attendance       | 11/5 [Minutes] | 11/7 [Minutes]   |  Total [Minutes]   |
| :----            | :----:          | :----:          |  :----:            |
| Gabe Buckner     | 45              | 60              | **105**            |
| Mathias Hagewood | 45              | 60              | **105**            | 
| Caleb Bucher     | 45              | 60              | **105**            |
| Reese Gilbert    | 45              | 60              | **105**            |
| Chris Bradley    | 45              | 60              | **105**            |  

    
**Group**  
- Revised the conceptual design to address Micah's feedback and reviews.
- Met with GTRI, discussing a SWAP analysis between drone options.
- Created a document and completed the SWAP analysis.
- Detailed Design Research for the Power and Circuitry Design Subsystem.

**Individual** 
- **Gabriel Buckner**    Detailed Design research for the Signal Processing Subsystem.
- **Mathias Hagewood**   Detailed Design research for the Vitals' Sensor Subsystem.
- **Caleb Bucher**       Detailed Design research for the Microphone and Speaker Subsystem.
- **Reese Gilbert**      Detailed Design Research for the Programmable Drone Subsystem.
- **Chris Bradley**      Detailed Design Research for the Interface Subsystem.

## Notes 
- Aim to order parts for each subsystem before the semesters in.
- Heavily consider payload options for each drone before selecting.
  
## Group Decisions
- Decided on deadlines for each soft task needed to complete the Detailed Designs promptly.

## Planned Tasks
- Send GTRI the SWAP Analysis and Conceptual Design.
- **Gabriel Buckner**    completing the Signal Processing Subsystem Detailed Design.
- **Mathias Hagewood**   completing the Vitals' Sensor Subsystem Detailed Design.
- **Caleb Bucher**       completing the Microphone and Speaker Subsystem Detailed Design.
- **Reese Gilbert**      completing the Programmable Drone Subsystem Detailed Design.
- **Chris Bradley**      completing the Interface Subsystem Detailed Design.
