
# Minutes-2025-03-24

| Attendance       | 03/13 [Minutes] |  Total [Minutes]  |
| :----            | :----:          |  :----:           |
| Gabe Buckner     | 60              | **60**            |
| Mathias Hagewood | 60              | **60**            | 
| Caleb Bucher     | 60              | **60**            |
| Reese Gilbert    | 60              | **60**            |
| Chris Bradley    | 60              | **60**            |  

    
**Accomplished**  


    - **Gabriel Buckner** Continue working with Mathias to get the Radar SDK working on Nano so that work on signal processing can begin.

    - **Mathias Hagewood** Build Radar SDK from source for the Jetson Nano.

    - **Caleb Bucher** Tested new Rasberry Pi camera. Looking into Digital filters for the microphones.

    - **Reese Gilbert** Configured the TP-Link as an access point. Was able to establish connection between PC and Host Jetson Nano. 

    - **Chris Bradley** working to expand the localhost test environment to work peer-peer

    - **Team** Odered a drone and it came in! 


## Notes 
- Need to find a heart rate monitor to compare radar data with. 
- More problems with the jetson nano combatiblity 
- Need to contact drone club about flying the drone. 
  

## Planned Tasks
- **GROUP** Get minimal functioning prototype up and running.  
- **Gabriel Buckner** Will be getting more into the actual signal processing of the doppler data.
- **Mathias Hagewood** Continue to test radar doppler and figure out if the readings are accurate with another instrument. 
- **Caleb Bucher**  Working on getting the Raspberry CSI Pi camera to work with the Jetson Nano. Working on the signal processing code for the micrphone low pass filter. 3D print housing to attach the sensor/nano to the drone. 
- **Reese Gilbert** Look into using a different adapter that will have more range and also have AP mode. 
- **Chris Bradley** Working on insurining that the server display can show up on the jetson nano.

