# Minutes-2024-09-30

| Attendance       | 09/25 [Minutes] | 09/26 [Minutes] |  Total [Minutes]  |
| :----            | :----:          | :----:          |  :----:           |
| Gabe Buckner     | 30              | 90              | **120**           |
| Mathias Hagewood | 30              | 90              | **120**           | 
| Caleb Bucher     | 30              | 90              | **120**           |
| Reese Gilbert    | 30              | 90              | **120**           |
| Chris Bradley    | 30              | 90              | **120**           |   

- **Gabe Buckner** conducted a kickoff meeting with Dr Elfouly, Dr. Rentschler, and Georgia Tech team to introduce ourselves and talk about the next steps.  
- **Mathias Hagewood** conducted a kickoff meeting with Dr Elfouly, Dr. Rentschler, and Georgia Tech team to introduce ourselves and talk about the next steps.
- **Caleb Bucher** conducted a kickoff meeting with Dr Elfouly, Dr. Rentschler, and Georgia Tech team to introduce ourselves and talk about the next steps.
- **Reese Gilbert** conducted a kickoff meeting with Dr Elfouly, Dr. Rentschler, and Georgia Tech team to introduce ourselves and talk about the next steps.
- **Chris Bradley** conducted a kickoff meeting with Dr Elfouly, Dr. Rentschler, and Georgia Tech team to introduce ourselves and talk about the next steps.
    
**Group**  
- Conducted a kickoff meeting with Dr Elfouly, Dr. Rentschler, and Georgia Tech team to introduce ourselves and talk about the next steps. 
- Compiled our final draft proposal. Reviewed the previous capstones work/progress. Discussed how we want to split up the subsystems. 

## Notes 
- Conducted a kickoff meeting.
- Researched compnents and sensors that need to be acquired. 
- Updated specs, as a team for the project proposal.
- Delegate responsibilities for project proposal.
- Talked with Micah and extended project proposal due date 1 week.
## Group Decisions
- whether or not we can use any of the work from the previous capstone group.
- How we are going to split up the subsystems. 


## Planned Tasks
- **Group**  Create a power point presentation to go over the problem for next Georgia Tech meeting. 
- **Gabe Buckner** Safety training as well as review previous capstone groups work. 
- **Mathias Hagewood** Safety training as well as review previous capstone groups work.
- **Caleb Bucher** Safety training as well as review previous capstone groups work. Scheduling the next meeting with Georgia Tech.
- **Reese Gilbert** Safety training as well as review previous capstone groups work.
- **Chris Bradley** Safety training as well as review previous capstone groups work.
