# Minutes-2025-03-10

| Attendance       | 03/6 [Minutes] |  Total [Minutes]  |
| :----            | :----:          |  :----:           |
| Gabe Buckner     | 60              | **60**            |
| Mathias Hagewood | 60              | **60**            | 
| Caleb Bucher     | 60              | **60**            |
| Reese Gilbert    | 60              | **60**            |
| Chris Bradley    | 60              | **60**            |  

    
**Accomplished**  

    - **Gabriel Buckner** Continue working with Mathias to get the Radar SDK working on Nano so that work on signal processing can begin.

    - **Mathias Hagewood** Build Radar SDK from source for the Jetson Nano.


    - **Caleb Bucher** Tested new Rasberry Pi camera. Looking into Digital filters for the microphones.


    - **Reese Gilbert** Talk to Micah about getting wifi over access points. Possibly order another network dongle for ap depending on info


    - **Chris Bradley** working to expand the localhost test environment to work peer-peer


## Notes 
- More problems with the jetson nano combatiblity 
- Will be setting up a meeting with Dr. ELfouly about the drone
  

## Planned Tasks
- **GROUP** Figure out where to go from here in regards to the drone. 
- **Gabriel Buckner** Will be getting more into the actual signal processing of the doppler data.
- **Mathias Hagewood** Continue to test radar doppler and figure out if the readings are accurate with another instrument. 
- **Caleb Bucher**  Working on getting the Raspberry CSI Pi camera to work with the Jetson Nano. Working on the signal processing code for the micrphone low pass filter.
- **Reese Gilbert** Contunie working on the connectivity and see if their are better alternatives.
- **Chris Bradley** Working on insurining that the server display can show up on the jetson nano.
