# Minutes-2025-04-07

| Attendance       | 04/03 [Minutes] |   04/04 [Minutes] |  04/06 [Minutes]     |     Total [Minutes]  |
| :----            | :----:          |   :----:          |    :----:            |   :----:             |
| Gabe Buckner     | 60              |        60          |      0               |     **120**           |
| Mathias Hagewood | 60              |        60         |      0               |  **120**              | 
| Caleb Bucher     | 60              |        60         |      0               |**120**                |
| Reese Gilbert    | 0               |         0         |      120             |**120**                |
| Chris Bradley    | 0               |         0         |      120             |          **120**      |  

    
## Accomplished 

  **Gabriel Buckner** Developed working prototype for breathing and heart rate. Giving estimates for each measurement.

  **Mathias Hagewood** Developed working prototype for breathing and heart rate. Giving estimates for each measurement.

  **Caleb Bucher** Designed and created 3D model to mount all hardware. Set up speakers, microphone, and camera for prototype demo.

  **Reese Gilbert** Created working access point for the connectivity of the client device to the Jetson Nano.

  **Chris Bradley** Developed working video and audio application over the access point for prototype demonstration.

## Notes 
Minimal Function Design **[Due: 04/02]**  
Experimental Analysis **[Due: 04/07]**  
Recieved Drone!

## Planned Tasks
 **Gabriel Buckner** Develop more accurate breathing and heart rate measurements for error correction.  
 **Mathias Hagewood** Develop more accurate breathing and heart rate measurements for error correction.  
 **Caleb Bucher**  Redesign system mount to attach to the drone. Working on the signal processing code for the micrphone low pass filter.  
 **Reese Gilbert** Work on amplifying the range and signal strength of the access point.   
 **Chris Bradley** Create a more friendly user interface and integrate the breathing and heart rate data into the applicaiton.
