
# Minutes-2025-04-14

| Attendance       | 04/10 [Minutes] |     Total [Minutes]  |
| :----            | :----:          |   :----:             |
| Gabe Buckner     | 60              |        **60**        |
| Mathias Hagewood | 60              |        **60**        | 
| Caleb Bucher     | 60              |        **60**        |
| Reese Gilbert    | 60              |        **60**        |
| Chris Bradley    | 60              |        **60**        |  

    
## Accomplished 
  **GROUP** Completed the experimental analysis.
  
  **Gabriel Buckner** Developed working prototype for breathing and heart rate. Giving estimates for each measurement.

  **Mathias Hagewood** Developed working prototype for breathing and heart rate. Giving estimates for each measurement.

  **Caleb Bucher** Designed and created 3D model to mount all hardware. Set up speakers, microphone, and camera for prototype demo.

  **Reese Gilbert** Created working access point for the connectivity of the client device to the Jetson Nano.

  **Chris Bradley** Developed working video and audio application over the access point for prototype demonstration.

## Notes 
-Need to decide if the power bank we were looking at is viable or not and need to order it.   


## Planned Tasks
**Group** attach everything to the drone. 
 **Gabriel Buckner** Develop more accurate breathing and heart rate measurements for error correction.  
 **Mathias Hagewood** Develop more accurate breathing and heart rate measurements for error correction.  
 **Caleb Bucher**  Redesign system mount to attach to the drone. Working on the signal processing code for the micrphone low pass filter.  
 **Reese Gilbert** Work on a program that runs on the startup of the jetson that goes to the correct browser. 
 **Chris Bradley** Create a more friendly user interface and integrate the breathing and heart rate data into the applicaiton.
